The project is titled as "Tweet analysis for Nike: The unsupervised approach"

In 21st century, we have seen a surge of networking epoch, people often said as users are using internet on vast scale and data is being generated in GB and TB’s. 
Micro blogging sites have become quite popular during this time as users share every small bit of information, sentiments and emotions on internet with their friends and family. 
Twitter is one such micro blogging site that generates data that is useful for research purposes because of the character length and the manner of expression is simple. 
We have one such big dataset of twitter where we analyze the data using the unsupervised approach like Topic modelling, clustering, KMeans clustering and a supervised approach of logistic algorithm on semi supervised data. 
The outcomes of analyzing data shows that users use simple hashtags of Nike to promote a brand and the sentiments of the users show a positive and a negative review. 
There are many users who tweet everyday at a certain time and similarity percentage of tweets can be recorded at 85 percent, with a common word being used. 
The study includes Topic modelling, Predictive analysis, Sentiment analysis in form of word count and tokenizing a word, natural language processing techniques and clustering of data to provide the best outcome that might help the brand Nike in future to increase the sales of their products. Visualizations is covered in form of graphs generated by mat plot library of python. 
A case study of different other models was also studied and related works can help in increasing the efficiency of the research completed. 

There are three files in the code_files folder and images in images folder. 
For hypothesis, where we find the engagement rate and which user posted several times on twitter is mentioned, is present in
Predicting_Number_of_Engagements_for_a_Tweet.ipynb

For k means clustering algorithm, it is set in separate file named:
Kmeans_Clustering_for_Nike_dataset.ipynb

For topic modelling, where segmentation was added and bag of words was created in corpus is added in:
Topic_modelling_for_Nike_dataset.ipynb

For future work, there are some algorithms that can be used to model the data more aggressively for unsupervised approaches and it includes algorithms like:
Hierarchical clustering 
Dimensional reduction
Sentiment analysis 
Synthetic Minority Over-sampling TEchnique (SMOTE) and Differential Evolution (DE) strategies
Predective analysis
Social network analysis


For a supervised learning, we will need a tagged data and for it we created a trained set  and use logistic regression and linear regression (it was used only for testing purpose). There is another type of classification that can be used and might give a better accuracy model and it is Random forest regression model.
